This repo contains the code for End of Term project. 

This project involves writing an algorithm which would use semi supervised clustering in order to solve a multiobjective optimization task. 

The flow of work is as follows:

1. 11 datasets provided were pre-processed and exisiting code implementation from the homeworks were run on these datasets. Preprocessing is present in data.py.
2. Two tables were generated, namely the top and bottom table and these can be found for each of the 11 datasets in our a.out file. 
3. Agglomerative clustering was applied first and it was repeated over 20 iterations. The average of the clusters generated can be found as a row entry of sway2 in our Table XVI in the report. 
4. To improve this, we applied randomization on agglomerative clustering and repeated over 20 iterations. The average of the results of the clusters generated can be found as a row entry of sway3 in Table XVI in the report. 
5. We then implemented a combination of SWAY and agglomerative clustering and repeated over 20 iterations. The average of the results of the clusters generated can be found as a row entry of sway4 in Table XVI in the report. 
6. We attempted to tweak the rule generator and called it xpln2 and its performance can be found in the respective dataset. out file. 
7. Significance and effect size tests were run on the results to see if we got anything that was statistically significant. 

Every Dataset.out is of the format:

1. First the top and bottom tables are generated. 
2. A table containing all, sway, xpln and top is generated. 
3. At every iteration we show the mean and standard deviations of Y variables given by sway.
4. We rank 80 best rows from the dataset using Zitzler's coefficient. 
5. Get average of y variables as generated by SWAY and put check where it ranks in the dataset. 

However, for auto93.csv,

We perform clustering with different budgets and the results are put here. 
This out file for this dataset also shows the resutls of sway2, xpln2 and the performance of sway2 on different budgets.


How to Run the Code?

In the current directory of Project-2 ```python -m src.main```

To run for multiple files go into the src director and run ```.\run-all.sh``` (It will take a lot of time to run)

For certain files use -f filedirectory

For using sway2 and xpln1 use ```-o 2```
For using sway2 and xpln2 use ```-o 3```
For using sway and xpln2 use ```-o 4```

